.TH uopds 1 "2022-03-12" v1.0.0 uopds
.
.SH NAME
uopds - bare minimum OPDS server
.SH SYNOPSIS
uopds [\-addr listen_address] [\-books directory] [\-db file] [\-root server_root]
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
uopds is an OPDS server implementing nothing more than the bare minimum needed.
It will serve a directory of files, generating OPDS catalogues for each
directory, and serving each file inside of said directories.

uopds is meant to be run behind a reverse proxy; no authentication, caching, nor
TLS is done, and it will never be supported.
However, it can very well be run as a raw server if you have no need for any of
these.
.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-addr <address>
Set the listen address for the HTTP server.
The default is \fB:8080\fP, which is effectively \fB0.0.0.0:8080\fP.
.TP
.B \-books <directory>
uopds will look into this directory for books.
There is no enforced structure; just ensure this directory exists, and put files
inside of it.
uopds will handle it just fine as long as it can read the files.
The default is \fB./books\fP.
.TP
.B \-db <database>
uopds uses an SQLite3 database to cache some information and to ensure
everything has a unique UUID.
uopds will create and populate this database itself.
The default is \fB./database\fP.
.TP
.B \-root <root>
As uopds is designed to be run behind a reverse proxy, it is not always
convenient to dedicate an entire subdomain to uopds or to dedicate a port to
uopds.
This option will allow you to specify the server root of uopds in case you need
to set one.
Everything uopds exposes will then be served under that path, and any requests
outside of that path will redirect to the server root.
There is \fBno\fP default.
.
.SH BUGS
None known.
Report or view bugs at
.UR https://github.com/KushBlazingJudah/issues
the project's GitHub page
.UE .
.
.SH AUTHOR
.UR https://wsmj.neocities.org
WeedSmokingJew
.UE
